# Sprint 1
(include your name, github id, and group name here)
- Name: Fatima Bowers
- Github ID: fzbowers
- Group Name: RecipeBox


### What you planned to do
(Give a short bulleted list of the items you planned to do for this sprint. Include the github issue number and link to the issue)
- Create a simple home page
  - Issue #4
  - Link: https://github.com/utk-cs340-fall22/RecipeBox/issues/4
- Add tabs to the home page that link to other pages
  - Issue #5
  - Link: https://github.com/utk-cs340-fall22/RecipeBox/issues/5
- Add website name, logo, and search bar to home page
  - Issue #6
  - Link: https://github.com/utk-cs340-fall22/RecipeBox/issues/6


### What you did not do
(Give a short bulleted list of the items that you planned to do, but did not accomplish)
- Accomplished everything I planned to do.


### What problems you encountered
(List the problems you encountered)
- I struggled with understanding how bootstrap works. Since it has a lot of default and built in styling, I had issues issues with customizing them using css.
- I had problems with making sure everything on the page could adjust depending on the screen size. I spent a lot of time researching and testing to make sure everything was formatted properly on smaller screens.


### Issues you worked on
(List the specific github issues that you worked on with a link to the issue (ex: [#1](https://github.com/utk-cs340-fall22/ClassInfo/issues/1) Sample Issue)
- [#4](https://github.com/utk-cs340-fall22/RecipeBox/issues/4)
- [#5](https://github.com/utk-cs340-fall22/RecipeBox/issues/5)
- [#6](https://github.com/utk-cs340-fall22/RecipeBox/issues/6)

### Files you worked on
(Give a bulleted list of the files in your github repo that you worked on. Give the full pathname.)
- RecipeBox/recipe_box/base/urls.py
- RecipeBox/recipe_box/base/views.py
- RecipeBox/recipe_box/recipe_box/urls.py
- RecipeBox/recipe_box/static/img/logo.png
- RecipeBox/recipe_box/static/styles/style.css
- RecipeBox/recipe_box/templates/account.html
- RecipeBox/recipe_box/templates/all_recipes.html
- RecipeBox/recipe_box/templates/all_sections.html
- RecipeBox/recipe_box/templates/base.html
- RecipeBox/recipe_box/templates/create_account.html
- RecipeBox/recipe_box/templates/home.html
- RecipeBox/recipe_box/templates/new_recipe.html
- RecipeBox/recipe_box/templates/new_section.html
- RecipeBox/recipe_box/templates/search.html

- Files I added that were auto-generated from django
  - RecipeBox/recipe_box/recipe_box/settings.py
  - RecipeBox/recipe_box/base/apps.py
  - RecipeBox/recipe_box/base/admin.py
  - RecipeBox/recipe_box/base/models.py
  - RecipeBox/recipe_box/base/tests.py
  - RecipeBox/recipe_box/recipe_box/asgi.py
  - RecipeBox/recipe_box/recipe_box/wsgi.py

### What you accomplished
(Give a description of the features you added or tasks you accomplished. Provide some detail here. This section will be a little longer than the bulleted lists above)
- Created the empty website: I set up django and created html files for each page that we wanted in our website. Then I created the urls for each page so that we could view the website. I also made the base.html file and added the needed bootstrap, css, and javascript links.
- Created the navigation bar: In the base.html file, I wrote code to create a navigation bar that can be accessed from all pages. I added our website logo, search bar, and links to different pages. I also added a hamburger icon so that when the website is viewed on smaller screens, the page links and search bar will be in a hidden menu. Additionally, I wrote css code to style the navigation bar.
- Created the footer: I created and styled a footer that holds a link to our website. We might change what we have in the footer later on.
- Created the home page: I wrote the html and css code for the home page. This dealt with the Sections and Pinned Recipes boxes.
- Wrote css for new section page: After Lili wrote the html and javascript for this page, I added style elements to match our website theme.
