# Product Requirements Document
Name: Fatima Bowers

Product Name: RecipeBox

## Background
This product is for people who need help keeping track of their recipes. The target audience for this website is anyone who regularly cooks, especially those who need help managing all the recipes they enjoy making. This website will allow users to easily create and store recipes and organize them however they want.

There is a high market opportunity for this product. Currently, most recipe organizers are physical cookbooks or boxes that store recipe notecards. While this may be useful for some people, as technology grows, more people look for online methods for everyday tasks. Additionally, most recipe websites or apps function as a way for users to find new recipes or store prewritten recipes found online. Our product differs because it allows users to write, store, and organize their recipes.

## Project Overview
RecipeBox will be a website where users can store and organize recipes. Users will be able to create recipes that contain the recipe's name, time to make, ingredients, and directions. Users will be able to create sections that contain the section's name and description. They can organize their recipes into these sections and/or pin their recipes to their home page. Users will also be able to quickly search for their recipes by keywords using the search bar. The website will also have a shopping list where users can add and delete items. Users will be able to create an account to store their information and be able to login and logout from the website.

## Features
1. **Create Account.** As a new user, I want to register by creating a username, email, and password so that the system can remember me and my data.
2. **Edit Account.** As a user, I want to be able to change my email and password.
4. **Create Recipes.** As a person who cooks, I want to be able to store all of my recipes in the same place.
5. **Create Sections.** As a user, I want to keep my recipes organized.
6. **Create a Shopping List.** As a person who cooks, I want to be able to store ingredients I need to buy for my recipes.
7. **Search for Recipes** As a user, I want to be able to easily search for my recipes.
8. **Edit Recipe.** As a person who changes their mind, I want to be able to edit my recipes.
9. **Edit Section.** As a person who changes their mind, I want to be able to edit my sections.
10. **Delete Recipe.** As a user, I want to delete recipes I no longer like.
11. **Delete Section.** As a user, I want to delete sections I no longer like.

## Technologies to be used
Framework: Django

Database: SQLite

Frontend: HTML/CSS
